hey Scarlett Johansson and we have been
hard work on the new film ghost in the
shell we are finally ready to give you
look at it i'm thrilled to have been
given the opportunity to play the major
and I'm so excited to be able to show
you a glimpse into her world
please enjoy the first trailer of ghost
in the shell
[Music]
this is Major
I'm on-site
[Music]
I'm going
who are the first of your kind but
you're not invulnerable maybe next time
you can design me better
[Music]
everyone really they feel connected to
something
connected to something
[Music]
but I
you were dying
who saved you and now you see the others
[Music]
Adam interest interest
you might have a past
find out who my wife
everything they told you was alive who
are you
they did not save your life
they stole it
[Music]